Switch to antora.org (#46)
hercules-ci/docs.hercules-ci.com: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/getting-started/index.adoc

Choose one of the deployment options:

2a. xref:getting-started/deploy/nixops.adoc[NixOps, for provisioning NixOS machines]

2b. xref:getting-started/deploy/nixos.adoc[NixOS, for existing machines or custom deployment tools]

> 2c. xref:getting-started/deploy/nix-darwin.adoc[nix-darwin, the recommended configuration management tool for Mac OS X (follow the instructions in the dashboard)]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2c. xref:getting-started/deploy/nix-darwin.adoc[nix-darwin, the recommended configuration management tool for macOS]
```

2d. xref:getting-started/deploy/nix-darwin.adoc[Manually, when the other deployment methods are not suitable]

[[repository-setup]]
== Step 3. Repository Setup

The goal of this step is to make sure everything is set up correctly.

> 3a. xref:getting-started/repository.adoc[If you are familiar with Nix, setup your own git repository]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3a. xref:getting-started/repository.adoc[If you are familiar with Nix, set up your own git repository]
```
